studying a map
slicing a cake
pumping gas
swimming
lighting a candle
trimming a bush
washing a dish
playing basketball
wrapping a gift
writing
dancing with a partner
tuning a guitar
jumping rope
jumping on a trampoline
hanging clothes
swinging a golf club
swinging a baseball bat
playing video games
packing
throwing a frisbee
cleaning
sewing a button
playing a drum
walking a tightrope
hiking a trail
playing with a dog
feeding birds
knitting
swinging the tennis racket
flipping a pancake
using a hammer
playing ping-pong
building a sandcastle
playing with a cat
shoveling snow
writing a letter
cutting hair
climbing a mountain
playing a harmonica
decorating a tree
drinking coffee
climbing a rock
playing with a yo-yo
playing a violin
picking up the suitcase
riding a horse
doing a puzzle
tuning a violin
typing on a keyboard
playing a video game
walking a dog
watering a plant
playing hopscotch
playing chess
making a pizza
holding a backpack
baking bread
playing with a drone
playing a board game
sipping a drink
riding a skateboard
playing with a puppet
sewing a dress
riding a motorcycle
drawing
building a model
kicking a soccer ball
playing a xylophone
carrying a tennis racket
dancing in a studio
skiing in the mountains
ironing
whittling wood
carrying a suitcase
painting a portrait
running on a treadmill
jumping a skateboard
rowing a boat
carrying a backpack
baking
rowing a canoe
tying a necktie
ironing clothes
shopping in a grocery store
riding a bike
riding a unicycle
setting a table
grilling
brushing teeth
swinging a tennis racket
icing a cake
blowing bubbles
brushing a dog
juggling balls
organizing a shelf
playing the oboe
riding a jet ski
playing a cello
hula hooping
grilling meat
flying a plane
jogging
doing yoga
writing in a diary
cooking a meal
painting a fence
watering flowers
taking a nap
watering plants
making a bed
dusting a shelf
washing a car
painting nails
playing with a hula doll
playing darts
making a salad
practicing guitar
climbing
swimming in a pool
attending a class
cooking pasta
cleaning a window
fixing a bike
packing a suitcase
mowing a lawn
driving a car
shopping
making a smoothie
swinging a hockey stick
playing badminton
making an origami
gardening in the backyard
riding a bicycle
taking a selfie
fishing
playing with marbles
solving a crossword
cooking in a kitchen
watching a movie
petting a cat
reading a book
ironing a shirt
texting on a phone
drawing a sketch
painting a canvas
petting a dog
jumping the surfboard
standing on a surfboard
meditating
wrapping a present
doing push-ups
pouring tea
fixing a bicycle
changing a light bulb
feeding a baby
organizing
surfing a wave
playing a harmonium
skiing
slicing a watermelon
jogging with headphones
assembling furniture
fishing by a lake
tying a shoe
building a lego structure
kayaking
fishing with a rod
cooking
blowing up a balloon
playing the violin
riding a rollercoaster
doing a handstand
surfing the internet
washing a window
swinging on a swing
playing a guitar
doing laundry
making coffee
making pottery
reading a newspaper
climbing a ladder
lifting a dumbbell
vacuuming a carpet
assembling a puzzle
polishing a table
hiking
typing on a laptop
playing a trumpet
sitting on a bench
flying a glider
racing a horse
feeding a bird
painting
trimming a hedge
sunbathing
swinging the baseball bat
making a sandwich
skateboarding on a ramp
writing in a journal
knitting a scarf
using a laptop
carrying a surfboard
browsing
playing a clarinet
trimming hair
browsing in a bookstore
sunbathing on a beach
flying a kite
sewing
setting a clock
making a quilt
sculpting clay
lifting a box
holding an umbrella
dancing
flying a drone
filling out a form
planting a tree
playing the piano
playing soccer
gardening
playing a saxophone
riding a scooter
braiding hair
skateboarding
wrapping a sandwich
playing a tambourine
studying
playing a piano
playing table tennis
playing pool
playing squash
jumping a rope
mowing the lawn
playing with a frisbee
climbing a rock wall
decorating a cake
texting
playing a flute
jogging in a park
taking a photograph
adjusting a watch
drawing on a sketchpad
blowing a horn
drinking a cup of coffee
